https://codepen.io/nickcabuno/pen/oNzaGmX?editors=1100



1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    descriptive; tells the meaning of the content on a page.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    allows developers to create paragrapghs/sections/headers/ect, the structure of      a page.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    they are modifiers and define certain aspects of the element it is attached to.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
     heading 1, once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
      img, a
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
      title or header
    7. What is an id? 
      an attribute to one specific element
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
      any html element
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
      once
    10. What is a class? 
      an attribute that can be applied to one or more of the same element
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
      any
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
      any amount
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    target="_blank" within an <a> tag
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
     tells search engines what the image is
    15. How do I reference an id?
    #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    section is specific to describing different parts of a page and divs are empty     containers
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    designing a page and making it pretty
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    by using selectors
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
an id is an attribute to one specific element and class is an attribute that can be applied to one or more of the same element
id's are good for things that appear on the page once while classes are good for multiple occurances
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    it tells what elements are apart of a larger element, it's easy to group chunks with them
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar a:link
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
  specifies a special state of an element
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
  uppercase, lowercase, capitalize
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border: 1px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
  ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    del
    34. Why should I use version control?
 it helps keep track of change
    35. How often should I commit to github?
once
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git push -u origin ______
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    create a branch from a main project, edit it or add to it, push it back to github, submit it to be pulled
Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    inline elements can stay within a line while block elements create a new one
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
it is permanantely put in that place
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
div, p, h1-6; span, img; display
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
box model is is the content area of a page surrounded by padding and borders, box-sizing:border-box